DAILY QUOTE
“There is no man living who isn’t capable of doing more than he thinks he can do.” However to reach your greatest potential you’ll have to fight your greatest fears.” The truth is that we were born to have it all. And part of our handicap as adults is that we no longer understand our potential.„

REV. GEORGE ADEGBOYE


YEAR OF HIS POWER
I believe that the most important thing a believer or group of believers can receive, is a Word from God. When God gives His word, He is giving us a clue and blueprint of what He is about to birth upon the earth on our behalf. Nothing gets me more excited than the Word of God for us as a ministry every year. Over the years I have seen the Lord keep and work His word out not just in my life but also in the lives and experiences of our members. He is the Lord that keeps His Word. When after seeking His face concerning the year 2020, and He told me the year shall be the year of His Power – I was excited at the possibilities that are going to open to us. Permit me therefore to welcome you to the time when God will marvellously and gracefully display His power in your life and the life of your family.

God’s mighty power comes when God’s people learn to walk with God. Nothing is impossible for the people of God who trust in the power of God to accomplish the will of God on the earth. Anyone who doesn't focus on Jesus Christ and His finished work has neither the wisdom of God nor the power of God. It is time to keep your eyes steadily on Christ and not what the world says.

The power of God has not in the least bit been diminished over the past 2000 years. Our Lord still sits on His great throne and His train still fills the temple. He still walks on the wings of the wind, He still is the Triumphant Champion from Calvary. All hell still bends to His will, and sin and death have lost their hold on all who rest in the shadow of His presence. And the God who calmed storms, raised up the dead to life, and multiplied fishes and loaves to feed thousands is the same God we have today.

Someone once asked, can the power of God be measured? Let it be known that the power of God cannot be so determined and measured, for it is uncircumscribed and immeasurable, beyond and above all that is or may be. It is essentially present in every place and in all things that we see even in the tiniest tree leaf. It is this immeasurable power that God has promised to display in your life – therefore it is time to walk boldly and assuredly, for you are backed by God’s almighty power. Amen!

Finally, let me leave you with a principle for success and impact this year, be careful concerning the words you release through your lips. Handle them carefully, for words have more power than atom bombs. Be mindful when it comes to your words. I know nothing in the world that has as much power as a word. You can change the course of your life and that of others with your words. Speak to yourself and others like someone you really love. Encourage yourself and others, motivate yourself and others, and lift yourself and others with your words. Words can inspire. And words can destroy. Choose yours well. .
LIVE IN AND BY HIS POWER.

REV. GEORGE ADEGBOYE



You can visit or write to us @:
Rhema Chapel International Churches, HQ.
International Convention Centre for All Nations Complex,
Opposite Tipper Garage,
University of Ilorin Permanent Site Way,
Tanke, P.O. Box 4500, Ilorin,
Kwara State,
Nigeria.
Contact: Pastor Toyin Olawumi
Telephone: (+234)8033914172, (+234)8184020184

Contact: Chapel Office
Telephone: (+234)8184020184

E-mail: info@rhemachapelonline.com
E-mail: admin@rhemachapelonline.com
Instagram: @rhemachapelhq
Facebook: www.facebook.com/rhemachapelhq
Twitter: @Hqrhemachapel
