Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location.
Nigeria
Continue

Apple
Shop online and get Specialist help, free no‑contact delivery, and more. Get in‑stock items with Apple Pickup or 2‑hour delivery, available in most metros.

 
Last call for the latest gifts.
Shop gifts
 
iPhone 12
Blast past fast.
From $29.12/mo. or $699 before trade‑in.1

Buy directly from Apple with special carrier offers.

Learn more Buy
 
Apple TV plus
Charlie Brown Christmas
Streaming free exclusively through December 13.
Watch now
 
iPhone 12 Pro
It's a leap year.
From $41.62/mo. or $999 before trade‑in.2

Buy directly from Apple with special carrier offers.

Learn more Buy
 
AirPods Max
Available starting 12.15

Learn more Buy
 
Coming 12.14
Apple Fitness plus
A new fitness experience powered by Apple Watch.
Learn more
 
HomePod mini
Learn more Buy
 
Apple One
Bundle up to six Apple services.3 And enjoy more for less.
Learn more Try it free4
 
Apple Card
Get 3% Daily Cash back on purchases from Apple when you use Apple Card.
Learn more
Apple Footer
1. Price includes a $30 AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, or Verizon discount. Requires activation with carrier. Monthly pricing: Available to qualified customers and requires 0% APR, 24-month installment loan with Citizens One or Apple Card Monthly Installments and iPhone activation with AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, or Verizon for purchases in an Apple Store. Taxes and shipping not included. Additional Apple Card Monthly Installments and iPhone Payments terms apply.
2. Monthly pricing: Available to qualified customers and requires 0% APR, 24-month installment loan with Citizens One or Apple Card Monthly Installments and iPhone activation with AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, or Verizon for purchases in an Apple Store. Taxes and shipping not included. Additional Apple Card Monthly Installments and iPhone Payments terms apply.
3. Apple Fitness+ is coming late 2020.
4. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply.
Apple TV+ is $4.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply.
To access and use all the features of Apple Card, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad with iOS 12.4 or later or iPadOS. To manage Apple Card Monthly Installments, you need an iPhone with iOS 13.2 or later or an iPad with iPadOS 13.2 or later. Update to the latest version of iOS or iPadOS by going to Settings > General > Software Update. Tap Download and Install.
Available for qualifying applicants in the United States.
Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.
Shop and Learn
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
TV
Music
AirPods
HomePod
iPod touch
Accessories
Gift Cards
Services
Apple Music
Apple TV+
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Arcade
iCloud
Apple One
Apple Card
Apple Books
App Store
Account
Manage Your Apple ID
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Apple Store
Find a Store
Shop Online
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Refurbished and Clearance
Financing
Apple Trade In
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple in Healthcare
Health on Apple Watch
Health Records on iPhone
For Government
Shop for Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Supplier Responsibility
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Job Opportunities
Investors
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map